Retro Notes:

1) What went well?
Silas - Fantastic team! The art assets amazing!
Silas - Didn't have to ship with (almost) any placeholder
Silas - Designer was highly available for answering questions
Night On Mars - Team and professionality were top-notch. Everyone treated it like a serious gig.
Night On Mars - Watching everything fall into place was incredible
Night On Mars - Team handled stress very well
Night On Mars - 3D Art and Lighting are incredible!
Paul - Really enjoyed it, as a first jam.
Paul - Felt really calm and relaxed, even in the final hours
Paul - Everyone knew what they were doing
Paul - Very high quality on everything (art, sound, and voice acting)
Noah - Having Unity-capable technical artists was a HUGE win
Noah - Having a Sound Supervisor/Integrator was AMAZING
Noah - Throwing a GREAT mechanic
Gordy - We produced a game in 3 day. 
Gordy - No one died or rage quit.
Chaos - Figured out project architecture easily

2) What didn't go well?
Silas - Team was a little behind on the integration schedule
Silas - We underinvested in player controller development
Silas - Programming prioritization workflow wasn't ideal
Night On Mars - Footsteps integration was clunky and non-ideal
Paul - Music Transitioning was very hard. Sometimes music would play on top of other music tracks
Paul - Would plan more for the timeflow moods of the game from the start
Paul - Artistic vision and discussion could have been more fleshed out
Paul - Hard to compose before seeing visuals and gameplay in action
Paul - It wasn't clear which design ideas were outdated
Noah - This felt like the slowest for the actual gameplay to exist
Noah - Integration was behind
Noah - Mapping was behind schedule
Noah - Panic for fixing bugs at the end
Noah - Performance Implementation Design should have been simpler
Gordy - Couldn't really test the game until day 3
Gordy - Game Skeleton milestone deliveries were not ideal
Chaos - Time management. Real work things came up

3) What lessons can we take moving forward?
Silas - Should identify too complex gameplay bits earlier, in order to prevent workflow blocks
Silas - Provided stronger Role clarity for inexperienced members
Silas - A better organized game design document
Silas - Prebake a Game Design Document template
Silas - Really want a UI/Graphic Designer on the team
Silas - Really want a Unity Technical Integrator on the team
Night On Mars - Created and share a design document with everyone on the team
Night On Mars - Update the design document at least once a day
Night On Mars - Create a social media during jam guide
Paul - Game designer needs to communicate clearly and frequently
Paul - Could have added the music ideas description to the design docs
Noah - Evolve the core documentation and guides in the Game Jam Template
Noah - Pin all the document links in Discord
Gordy - Should have started testing built copies
Gordy - Test WebGL builds sooner
Gordy - Try to have at least 1 Experienced Game Designer
Chaos - Clear communication of scope and current tasks

4) What was your personal favorite part of the jam?
Silas - Loved seeing the high talent and high collaboration team in action
Night On Mars - Loved throwing things at the Shipping teleporters!
Paul - The teamwork, structure, and decision-making leadership. Very inspiring!
Noah - Putting boxes on the conveyor belt
Gordy - The developer playground scenes, specifically Chaos' dev scene
Chaos - Team positivity and professionalism despite the flaws and challenges
Chaos - New features were added in SO FAST. Blazing speed!

5) What is your favorite thing in the game?
Silas - Jumppads and throwing! I wish we had more jump pads in the game.
Night On Mars - Loves how great the teleporters sound!
Paul - Jumping, and throwing. The action parts. And also the boss voiceovers.
Noah - The visuals. Fantastic set pieces!
Gordy - The fact that game intentionally exploits KPIs. 
Chaos - The visuals. Amazing boxes! Placing boxes on the shelves.


